README.md, before:

# Paralegal: A Privacy and Security Bug Finder for Rust Applications.

Paralegal is a static analyzer for Rust code that enforces privacy and security policies on programs.

For example, developers have used Paralegal to find problems such as:
* Failing to delete user data upon request
* Missing authorization checks before privileged actions
* Forgetting to encrypt sensitive data before storage

Paralegal's user guide and documentation is available at [https://brownsys.github.io/paralegal](https://brownsys.github.io/paralegal), which includes a [step-by-step walkthrough](https://justus-adam.notion.site/Paralegal-Step-by-Step-40541156c25d48f8b6ad79a0e1b09b91) of an example application and policy.

See also [our paper from OSDI 2025](https://justus.science/pdfs/paralegal.pdf).

## Example
Take the following policy for a social media application, which checks that the user is not banned or deleted before executing an action on their behalf (e.g., posting, commenting):

```
Scope:
Everywhere

Policy:
1. For each "action" marked write:
  A. There is a "deleted user check" marked delete_check where:
    a. "deleted user check" affects whether "action" happens
  and
  B. There is a "banned user check" marked ban_check where:
    a. "banned user check" affects whether "action" happens
```

Developers connect policies to application code by defining *markers*,
which denote high-level concepts such as *write*, *encrypts* or *user_data*.
Developers apply markers to types, function arguments, or function return values using lightweight annotations, e.g.:

```rust
#[paralegal::marker(ban_check, return)]
fn is_user_banned(user: &User) -> bool { ... }

impl Database {
  #[paralegal::marker(write, argument = [0])]
  fn insert_post(&mut self, user: &User, post: String) { ... }
}
```

Paralegal directly integrates with cargo and rustc, so running it is as easy as building your project (`cargo paralegal-flow`).

## Performance
Paralegal is a fast cargo and rustc plugin that developers can run frequently
(in CI for example) to find potential bugs as they develop their application.

![](misc/ci_plot-3.png)

## Installation and Usage

To explain installation and usage we provide a [step-by-step guide](https://justus-adam.notion.site/Paralegal-Step-by-Step-40541156c25d48f8b6ad79a0e1b09b91) in our online documentation.

Commit message:

Update the README plot (#177)
## What Changed?

Updates the title and annotations in the README performance plot

## Why Does It Need To?

Makes the language clearer

## Checklist

- [x] Above description has been filled out so that upon quash merge we
have a
  good record of what changed.
- [ ] New functions, methods, types are documented. Old documentation is
updated
  if necessary
- [ ] Documentation in Notion has been updated
- [ ] Tests for new behaviors are provided
  - [ ] New test suites (if any) ave been added to the CI tests (in
`.github/workflows/rust.yml`) either as compiler test or integration
test.
*Or* justification for their omission from CI has been provided in this
PR
    description.

README.md, after:

# Paralegal: A Privacy and Security Bug Finder for Rust Applications.

Paralegal is a static analyzer for Rust code that enforces privacy and security policies on programs.

For example, developers have used Paralegal to find problems such as:
* Failing to delete user data upon request
* Missing authorization checks before privileged actions
* Forgetting to encrypt sensitive data before storage

Paralegal's user guide and documentation is available at [https://brownsys.github.io/paralegal](https://brownsys.github.io/paralegal), which includes a [step-by-step walkthrough](https://justus-adam.notion.site/Paralegal-Step-by-Step-40541156c25d48f8b6ad79a0e1b09b91) of an example application and policy.

See also [our paper from OSDI 2025](https://justus.science/pdfs/paralegal.pdf).

## Example
Take the following policy for a social media application, which checks that the user is not banned or deleted before executing an action on their behalf (e.g., posting, commenting):

```
Scope:
Everywhere

Policy:
1. For each "action" marked write:
  A. There is a "deleted user check" marked delete_check where:
    a. "deleted user check" affects whether "action" happens
  and
  B. There is a "banned user check" marked ban_check where:
    a. "banned user check" affects whether "action" happens
```

Developers connect policies to application code by defining *markers*,
which denote high-level concepts such as *write*, *encrypts* or *user_data*.
Developers apply markers to types, function arguments, or function return values using lightweight annotations, e.g.:

```rust
#[paralegal::marker(ban_check, return)]
fn is_user_banned(user: &User) -> bool { ... }

impl Database {
  #[paralegal::marker(write, argument = [0])]
  fn insert_post(&mut self, user: &User, post: String) { ... }
}
```

Paralegal directly integrates with cargo and rustc, so running it is as easy as building your project (`cargo paralegal-flow`).

## Performance
Paralegal is a fast cargo and rustc plugin that developers can run frequently
(in CI for example) to find potential bugs as they develop their application.

Here is a performance breakdown plot of Paralegal running end-to-end on
realistic web applications.

![](misc/ci_plot.png)

## Installation and Usage

To explain installation and usage we provide a [step-by-step
guide](https://justus-adam.notion.site/Paralegal-Step-by-Step-40541156c25d48f8b6ad79a0e1b09b91)
in our online documentation.
